LoongArch:docs: Update e_flags for new relocations. (#61)
loongson/LoongArch-Documentation: docs/LoongArch-ELF-ABI-EN.adoc

|`v1`
|`0x1`

> |Immediate fields of instruction relocation type.

Reviewer: `Supporting relocation types directly writing to immediate slots.` 会不会好一点，前面那句“Stack operands base relocation type”是纯纯的中式英语，别学他

> |Supporting relocation types directly writing to immediate slots. Can be implemented separately incompatible with V0.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
|Supporting relocation types directly writing to immediate slots. Can be implemented separately without compatibility with v0.
```
